
Checklist for getting ready to contribute to an existing project.

Requirements: an account on GitHub, a current version of PreTeXt
on your computer, and very basic knowledge of Unix-style commands.
(The Unix knowledge you need is:  creating directories, listing files,
directory paths, and moving around the directory tree.  The commands
you may need to use are:  mkdir, cd, ls -lrt, pwd .)

We will use Active Calculus (single variable) as an example.

1.  Go to
   https://github.com/active-calculus/active-calculus-single-mbx
and click "Fork" in the upper right hand corner.

If you have to choose where to fork it to, choose your GitHub account.

You will now be on a different GitHub page: the page for your fork
in your account.  Keep that page open because you will need it
again.

2.  On your computer, go into the directory where you want to
put the files for Active Calculus.  (You may need to create that
directory and then cd into it.)

Do:
   git clone [the URL from the green button of your fork]
where the green button is on YOUR fork of the book.  Click the
green button and then copy the URL that appears.  For me, it was
   https://github.com/davidfarmer/active-calculus-single-mbx.git

3.  The previous step created a new directory.  Go into it.

4.  Do:
   git remote add upstream [URL from the green button of the project]

The easiest way to get to that green button is to go to your fork
and click the link after the tiny "forked from" in the upper left part
of the page.

5.  You are done!  Do the above steps just once for each project,
and never again.  See separate checklists for how to contribute
to that project.

BUT, for Active Calculus there is one more step to set things up.
Go back to GitHub and scroll down to read step 3 of the README.
You need to copy a file and edit a few lines.  The specific steps are

   cp Makefile.paths.original Makefile.paths
   [edit Makefile.paths  and put the appropriate paths on 3 lines]

Note: for the PRJ line, you probably want to put the output of
   pwd
And for the HTMLOUT line you probably want to put "/html" at the
end of what you put for PRJ.

Then you can do:

   make html

and in a few minutes you will have the HTML version.

