
Checklist for keeping both the master and the edition branch up-to-date

The goal is to have a master branch which contains the current
version and is frequently updated with small corrections, and
also an "edition" branch which gets major changes for the next
edition and also the minor changes that go into master.

Pull requests can come into either master or edition.  If the
request has the correct base branch, then handle it just like
any other pull request.

The most likely error is a pull request into master that should
go into edition.  To change the base branch, on GitHub go to the
pull request and find the "Edit" button in the upper right corner.
You may need to scroll sideways if your screen is narrow.
Click that button to see a pull-down under the box containing the
title of the pull request.  Choose the correct base branch,
and also see why it is not helpful to have a large number of
obsolete branches in the repository.

It could also happen that a pull request contains several changes,
some of which should go into master and some of which should go
into edition.  Seek expert help, and figure out how to stop that
happening in the future.

If the pull request went into edition, you are done except
for updating your local clone.  To do that:

1) git checkout edition

2) git pull upstream edition

If the pull request went into master, you now have to put those
changes into edition.  On your computer,

1) git checkout master

2) git pull upstream master

3) git checkout edition

4) git pull upstream edition

5) git merge master

Step 5) will generate a merge commit message.  If that puts you
into vi and you don't like vi, then change your default git editor.
(Hit  :wq  to get out of vi)

Step 5) can also create a merge conflict.  Deal with it just like
any other merge conflict.

The changes to master have now been merged into your local
edition branch, so now you need to put that into upstream.
Either of these works, and the project should decide which
of these is official policy:

4) git push origin edition
   and then send a pull request and accept it immediately.

4') git push upstream edition

You are done!

